We feel blessed to be part of a brotherhood
that imitates our generous God, Jehovah.
Year after year,
you diligently give of your time,
energy, and financial resources
to support one another,
both locally and globally.
The Governing Body has asked me
to convey their sincere appreciation
for all that you do.
They feel as did the apostle Paul
when he wrote at 2 Thessalonians 1:3:
“We are obligated always to give thanks
“to God for you, brothers . . . ,
“because your faith is growing exceedingly
“and the love of each and every one of you
is increasing toward one another.”
Although the 2021 service year
had its challenges,
none of the disasters threatened
the bond of faith and love we all share.
And your generous donations have played
a part in strengthening that bond.
The article series
“How Your Donations Are Used”
has highlighted tangible ways
your donations continue
to support our brotherhood.
Note just a few:
Funds are being used to provide
JW Boxes in many Kingdom Halls
where Internet access is limited,
helping hundreds of thousands
to access spiritual food.
With the support of your donations,
we have obtained legal victories,
allowing many of our brothers who are part
of indigenous communities in Latin America
to worship freely.
And many of us have benefited
from the increased use
of video streaming and conferencing
for our meetings and conventions.
We want to thank you all personally
for what you’ve done
to support these initiatives.
We especially appreciate
that we have the resources available
to help our brothers when disaster strikes.
During the COVID-19 pandemic,
hundreds of thousands
have received relief aid.
To date, more than 25 million dollars
has been approved to be spent on this relief.
What have been the results?
This is from two children,
Hortreche and Yedidia,
in Central Africa, ages 9 and 5:
“Dear brothers and sisters from Bethel:
“I thank you.
“Thanks to Jehovah, to the branch,
“and to all who distributed food
during the COVID-19 pandemic.
“What you did is an expression
“of the loyal love mentioned
“at Lamentations 3:22:
“‘It is because of Jehovah’s loyal love
“‘that we have not come to our finish,
“for his mercies never end.’
“My sister Yedidia and I thank you very much
“and encourage you to keep working
“in any service you are assigned,
“such as translation, the laundry,
“the kitchen, and so forth.
Thanks a lot.”
In Southern Africa,
a congregation wrote the branch saying:
“It is with great pleasure
that we are writing you.
“We want to express
our appreciation for your support
“and the help that we received
in December of 2020.
“It is challenging for us to make ends meet.
“We are struggling daily
because of the high cost of living.
“But despite these hardships,
“the brothers in our congregation
“deeply feel Jehovah’s love.
“We thank you for the relief supply
“of food and clean drinking water received.
“Our source of happiness
“is knowing that we are not alone
“because we have Jehovah
“and the worldwide brotherhood on our side.
We are so grateful for your support.”
Well, it’s evident that your donations
to the worldwide work
by whatever means
help provide this needed support.
What can we expect for the 2022 service year?
We expect the number
and the intensity of disasters to increase
as we move deeper
into the final part of these last days,
but we see many positive developments
on the horizon as well.
Under the direction of the Governing Body,
we have been working hard
on the Ramapo construction project,
which will be a site
primarily dedicated to media production.
You may remember
at the 2019 annual meeting
that it was announced that site work
would begin on this project in 2022.
We are happy to report
that work on this site is well underway!
This will include
completing an existing stone bridge,
building new roads, removing trees,
digging and laying sanitary sewer lines,
building retaining walls,
as well as the blasting and moving
of over one million cubic meters of rock.
Additionally,
a new entrance will be constructed
along with widening the highway
for safer traffic flow near the site.
And toward the end of the year,
foundations
for the residence buildings will begin.
We eagerly look forward
to hearing good reports on this project
as it continues to develop.
Like the Christians in Thessalonica,
many of you
support Kingdom interests financially
while enduring your own challenges.
Paul commended
the congregation in Thessalonica,
and we commend you too
with his inspired words
at 2 Thessalonians 1:4:
“We ourselves take pride in you
“among the congregations of God
“because of your endurance and faith
“in all your persecutions
and the hardships that you are suffering.”
We take pride in your loving work,
your acts of faith,
and your financial support.
Thank you for all you’ve done.